# Summary

Between the hour of 12:14 and 13:18 on December 4th, 2025, 1 user encountered an outage with the pizza factory. The event was triggered by a enabling chaos mode on the day  prior. The enabling of chaos mode was required to receive a good grade in the C S 329 course.

Chaos mode allowed the pizza to go offline at a random time between 8am and 2pm today. The event was detected by Grafana Alerts. The team started working on the event by clicking the link that ended chaos testing. This level 1 incident affected 100% of users.

# Detection
This incident was detected when the Grafana Alert was triggered and David was paged via email.
# Impact
For 1hr and 4 minutes between 17:14 UTC and 18:18 on 12/04/2025, an outage in the pizza factor caused our users to be unable to purchases pizzas.

This incident affected 1 customer (100% of JWT pizza users), who experienced an inability to purchase pizzas.
# Timeline
All times are UTC.

- *December 3* - Chaos mode was enabled.
**December 4**
- *17:14* - Outage at pizza factory started.
- *17:15* - David was notified of the outage via email from Grafana
- *18:18* - David got access to the JWT pizza server and disabled chaos mode.

# Response
After receiving a page at 17:15 UTC, David came online at 18:18 in JWT Pizza Service.

The engineer was out taking his daughter to a doctors appointment when the alert was first raised, causing a delay in response.  David is the only engineer, so no backup was able to provide support sooner.

# Root Cause
Chaos mode allowed the pizza factor to go offline at a random time during the day.

# Resolution
By disabling chaos mode, the issue was resolved and the pizza factory came back online.